Yusef cps scalenumbers and oversubscription update (#248)
Azure/DASH: documentation/general/dash-sonic-hld.md

7. Implementation must support ability to get all ACL rules/groups based on guid. 
8. In normal operation, mappings churn often followed by routes and least for ACLs.
9. ENIs shall have an admin-state that enables normal connections and forwarding only *after* all configurations for an ENI is applied during initial creation. When the ENI is admin-state down, the packets destined to this ENI shall be dropped. Order of operation/configuration shall be enforced by the controller. Sonic implementation shall honor the state set by controller and ENI shall accept and forward traffic only if the admin-state is set to 'up'. 

> 10. ENI must support 1M active bi-directional TCP connections or UDP flows however the connection pool can be oversubscribed. An oversubscription of 2:1 would be expected, so the connection pool can be more optimal if executed as one large table where ENI can be apart of the key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. ENI must support 1M active bi-directional TCP connections or UDP flows however the connection pool can be oversubscribed. An oversubscription of 2:1 would be expected, so the connection pool can be more optimal if executed as one large table where ENI can be a part of the key.
```
